thousands of years ago Steppenwolf and
his legions of parademons attempted to
take over earth with the combined
energies of three mother boxes they were
foiled by a unified army that includes
the Olympian gods Amazon's
Atlanteans mankind in the Green Lantern
Corps after repelling Steppenwolf's army
the mother boxes were separated and
hidden in locations on the planet in the
present mankind is in mourning over
Superman
whose death triggers the mother boxes to
reactivate and Steppenwolf's returned to
earth in an effort to regain favor with
his master Darkseid Steppenwolf aims to
gather the artifacts to form the unity
which will destroy Earth's ecology and
terraforming in the image of
Steppenwolf's homeworld
Steppenwolf retrieves the mother box
from the mascara prompting Queen
Hippolyta to warn her daughter Diana of
Steppenwolf's return
Diana joins Bruce Wayne in his attempt
to unite other metahumans to their cause
with Wayne going after Arthur curry and
Barry Allen while Diana tries to locate
Victor stone Wayne fails to persuade
curry but manages to recruit an
enthusiastic Allen onto the team
although Diana fails to convince stone
to join he agrees to help them locate
the threat if he discovers their
location stone later joins the team
after his father Silas along with
several other STAR Labs employees is
kidnapped by Steppenwolf seeking to
acquire the mother box from mankind
Steppenwolf attacks Atlantis to retrieve
the next mother box forcing curry into
action the team receives Intel from
Commissioner James Gordon leading them
to Steppenwolf's army based in an
abandoned facility under Gotham Harbor
although the group manages to rescue the
kidnapped employees the facility is
flooded during combat which traps the
team until curry helps delay the flood
so they can escape Stone retrieves the
last mother box which he had hidden for
the group to analyze stone reveals that
his father used the mother box to
rebuild Stone's body after an accident
almost cost him his life facing
overwhelming odds against Steppenwolf's
army Bruce Wayne decides to use the
mother box to resurrect Superman not
only to help them fight off
Steppenwolf's invasion but also to
restore hope to mankind Diana and curry
are hesitant about the idea but Wayne
forms a secret contingency plan in case
Superman returns as hostile Clark Kents
bodies exhumed and placed in the
amniotic fluid at the Genesis chamber of
the Kryptonian ship alongside the mother
box which in turn activates and
successfully resurrect Superman how
ever Superman's memories have not
returned and he attacks the group after
stone accidentally launches a projectile
at him on the verge of being killed by
Superman Batman enacts his contingency
planet Lois Lane Superman calms down and
leaves with Lane to his family in
Smallville where he reflects and his
memory slowly come back in the turmoil
the last mother box is left unguarded
and Steppenwolf retrieves it with ease
without Superman to aid them the five
heroes travel to a village in Russia
where Steppenwolf aims to unite the
mother boxes once again and remake earth
the team fights their way through the
parademons to reach Steppenwolf although
they are unable to distract him enough
for stone to separate the mother boxes
Superman arrives and assists Allen in
evacuating the city as well as stone in
separating the mother boxes the team
defeats Steppenwolf who overcome with
fear is attacked by his own parademons
before they all teleport away in the
aftermath of the battle Bruce and Diana
agreed to set up a base of operations
for the team with room for more members
Diana steps back into the public
spotlight as a hero Barry acquires a job
in central city's police department
impressing his father victor continues
to explore and enhance his abilities
with his father in STAR Labs Arthur
returns to Atlantis and Superman resumes
his life as reporter Clark Kent in a
mid-credits scene Barry and Clark
compete in a race to the Pacific coast
to see who is faster
in a post-credits scene Lex Luthor puts
a decoy in his place and escaped from
Arkham Asylum and then recruits Slade
Wilson to form their own league
[Music]